captain lensois thank you thank you tribune
Martin who is actually waiting for the entrance
players and 300 supporters
Etienne who made the trip
to come support the greens good he
need a qualification at the end and the
Cup matches have nothing to do with
championship matches or calculation
and there will be a winner so
automatically
and enjoyed the atmosphere
bastard to us this time we come to
bollaert
Marseille at the start and then courses
trains its 4th game value of the season
only for by vincent planted and to
adductor jérémy janot included
fortress or evening the balloon recovered
by augusto fernandez the Argentine does not
leave saint-etienne the former player of
river glade euros attention feels
betrayed and ryan after 45 seconds of play
it's brand
former Lille just beat
near fedra my best to that miralas
no longer scored in spell lensois is
what we are going to see is ramos which must
type on shell yes these levels contact
they really do not go much and
miralas who treats like that who is
return to your balloon returns in
the feet
the two hits go to contact that's
actually at the edge of the offside
the bucket the belly of the rose that delivers
at play planters or then have a
base from him from that center and that
his family 3 0 the mine in the two-way game
but watch out for bedimo stick what good
control is good even rooms
between them and the touch
vincent planted the fingertips
thankfully because the reality is watching
the strike of the Cameroonian
well calibrated that counts a lot too
it called them
face planted is there
two sideways to see it that's who
think that's where they're busy
initially I think he wants to center
but he struggled to hang on bullets
after 2.2 on France televisions
obviously will be our chances
this dress is all alone if gives it a
good head game
the arrival of provence in addition to supporting
too far and the machrek in a few
years sellers are social
he was past Benalouane eduardo
acquired partners
to say
does especially
evening still Sebastian audet second
post again you're fine
it's eric chelle that sting super of
volleying she reviews between
pole portion
burgundy that followed liquid
thibault the elections
for free kicks
the attentive teen the body is intensive
and there would
I asked so it's the participation
reminder it's on the floor of the crater hunt
both there
it's the head of yahia I feel
clearance printing
Yeah, that's it
the shock
a Senegalese goalkeeper of the ace
Saint-Etienne in case of glitch this
Two-point control at home hits
to pamper as and choose the area
attention of the frozen surface in the
little net of course of my place
see there he springs well resist well
time
we do not insure very well eduardo is from
always
we decided to plant just before
pause he lives only second during this
first period here at bollaert
augusto the opening diamond the river
the duel with ladder yahia is waiting on the
keystroke coming back royal decrees
of her lost but just a balloon
for the way he stops from France 2
france 2 point fr you will see all saints
in the big east but the big movie of
the final om bordeaux Sunday in
stage 2 tuilagi floor of friends
everywhere the football big book
did that happen to make a
soggy course
that's not the craziest place
currency that is this material of which a wall
defensive
walk less well
head coming laces passes over
alone
in the surface same day of water
because John from where he made a
festival
he tried his luck well dosed to the
mark your head completely
but that's the same
nice free kick that happened before
to be lady gaga
the good news of the evening
sign
if last year we see planted attention
took a long time to get away from it
yahia and jemaa and yahia pass over
from benalouane or the la and superbly
well draw this free kick roudet rate
his unfortunate exit that happens and
it's a shame I think we have them
opportunities we will try to go
windows
it is too uncrossed but that's what
while you must speak
river shift is a model of the
like the shed behind and we
will change in the same served lesson
that I used it the keystroke
these charges in the surface
who resists countering with thierry lara
m at the exit we did not seem like gold and
play in go out
we see well in the group
those who do not throw his side
anticipated in the name
stay at the head to hit discussions
difficult
out of color game by
it's said a lot of
news item
ah good
so much
at the bottom we will see at the bottom of the screen and
goods that we
training the creepy immodest beast
because I saw him procrastinate j
what is he going to do their hit
banon comes to play fans of lyon
to sulk full axis is severe it is
stern there is no goal of gap but
she's not taking three goals
Etienne but he feels free and
it's the game
the challenge before this quator of bollaert this
evening victory at 12 1 thanks to eduardo
yahia and roudet
even if kevin mirallas confession towards the
square quests from the first minute
play